Docs12123/metric discrepancy info (#32583)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/azure-advanced-configuration.md

    {{< img src="integrations/guide/azure_troubleshooting/azure_enable_diagnostics.png" alt="azure diagnostics settings overview displayed with No storage account highlighted under Pick a storage account and enable guest level monitoring enabled" style="width:70%">}}

## Discrepancy between your data in Azure and Datadog

> Datadog's Azure integration is built to collect all metrics from [Azure Monitor][14]. Metrics are collected with all available dimensions (which are mapped to tags in Datadog), the highest time granularity, and the primary aggregation type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog's Azure integration collects all metrics from [Azure Monitor][14]. Metrics are collected with all available dimensions (which are mapped to tags in Datadog), the highest time granularity, and the primary aggregation type.
```
